What color is the sky on a clear day?
What do bees produce?
What is the opposite of cold?
What is the main ingredient in bread?
What do cows drink?
What is the sound a cat makes?
What is the capital of France?
What fruit is red and often has a worm in cartoons?
What do you wear on your feet?
What do you call frozen water?
What do you read to learn news?
What animal barks?
What do birds lay?
What grows in a garden and has petals?
What do you drink in the morning that has caffeine?
What is 2 + 2 in word form?
What is the first month of the year?
What is something you write with?
What is something you sit on?
What is the name of Earth's natural satellite?
What color are bananas?
What do you use to unlock a door?
What do you call molten rock from a volcano?
What is a small rodent that squeaks?
What do you breathe?
What is the opposite of up?
What grows on trees and is red or green?
What do you sleep on?
What is something you wear on your wrist?
What do you call water droplets falling from the sky?
What is something you cut paper with?
What do you call a baby dog?
What do you put on toast in the morning?
What is the third day of the week?
What is used to tell time?
What do fish live in?
What is the opposite of dark?
What is the color of grass?
What shape has three sides?
What is the name of a flying insect that stings?
What do you call a baby cat?
What is something you wear on your head?
What do you find at the end of a sentence?
What is something you chew that is sweet and sticky?
What do you find on a beach that's soft and grainy?
What do you need to start a fire?
What do you drink that comes from cows?
What is the fourth planet from the Sun?
What color are strawberries?
What kind of tree produces acorns?
What is the opposite of night?
What do you call a house for a dog?
What do you wear when it's cold outside?
What is a yellow fruit that's long?
What is the color of coal?
What do frogs do?
What do you use to eat soup?
What season comes after spring?
What do you find at the top of a mountain?
What tool hits nails?
What is a common pet that purrs?
What animal has a trunk?
What do you drink that is clear and comes from taps?
What is the fifth day of the week?
What is the name of the red fruit used in ketchup?
What animal says 'quack'?
What is something you sleep under at night?
What do you wear on your legs?
What is a large body of salt water?
What part of your body do you use to hear?
What tool helps you find direction?
What do you call a long snake-like reptile?
What is a place where books are kept?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is a farm animal that gives wool?
What do you find at the center of an apple?
What is the opposite of small?
What is the color of the sun?
What fruit is green outside and red inside?
What do you call a piece of bread with cheese and ham?
What kind of bug glows at night?
What is used to paint walls?
What keeps you dry in the rain?
What is a small green vegetable in a pod?
What do you call a frozen meal on a stick?
What lives in a shell and walks sideways?
What is used to clean your teeth?
What insect makes honey?
What do you wear to a formal event?
What is a soft white cloud-like thing in the sky?
What is something you wear on your eyes to block sun?
What do you call a person who fixes pipes?
What is a tall building called?
What do you call the sound a dog makes?
What do birds use to fly?
What is a long yellow vegetable?
What is a common breakfast grain?
What do you call the front of your head?
What is used to cut wood?
What is the name of a small house in the woods?
What is something that roars and has a mane?
What is the color of most leaves?